UPDATED CMPE 131 PROGRESS REPORT
April 14, 2020
Our team decided early on to meet online in order to complete the project. 
We broke down the milestone deliverable and then assigned parts to the team members. 
Members of the team were assigned to complete the Gantt chart predictions and plan the code necessary for implementation. 
Understanding this was just the basic HTML outline of the “Create Account” page, we broke down the provided code and planned out how we were going to execute.

April 17, 2020 
Meeting on Friday, we were able to check the Gantt chart to ensure we were on schedule and discuss our pseudocode. 
Friday afternoon, we worked together to construct the “Create Account” web page and the corresponding Sphinx documentation. 
Each team member was able to commit their assigned aspect to the GitHub repository. 
We did spend a majority of Friday trying to perfect our code. 
Since we were unable to collaborate in person, this did take longer than expected, but we were able to get the webpage working as wanted. 
We spent most of Saturday and Sunday reviewing our HTML and Sphinx, pushing various commits to perfect our code.
Meanwhile, we kept an eye on our Gantt chart, making sure to update it as part of the project was complete. 
We were able to early on assign part of the project to members which allowed us to spend the week working on our individual aspects and putting it all together at the end
Lennie was assigned to work on the progress report and the login/logout functions of the code. 
Dominic was assigned to create the register function and was able to create and upload all necessary files. 
Alireza was assigned to develop a Gantt chart for the predictions and oversee the updating of the actual chart and worked on code functions. 
Ben was assigned to work on code functions of the app and help oversee the Sphinx documentation of the program. 
Given that we did this over video chat, we were able to work together rather efficiently.
We would want to improve in trying to meet earlier on instead of a couple days before the milestone is due. 
We spent a lot of time trying to get the code working together and that could be improved by updating over the week. 
In the next milestone, we want to spend more time working on video chat and trying to increase collaboration even though we are not at school. 
Overall, we were able to execute this milestone efficiently over a short period of time, working together well.

April 27, 2020 
Today, we planned out how we were going to execute milestone 3. 
We broke down parts of the deliverable and then assgined parts to the team members to complete before our planned meeting Wednesday.
Starting early was one of the goals we had for this milestone and we want to work on completing this before the due date. 

May 1, 2020 
Today, we met over video chat to plan out what was left of the milestone. 
The code was updated over the last couple of days and issue are being resolved. 
The code aspect of this milestone is almost complete. 
We were able to start our project early as we had wanted before but considering the situation of being at home, we still had some things to improve. 
We tried to balance having online meetings with studying from home and missed out on the time of meeting in person. 

May 2, 2020 
After our in team meeting, we were able to ensure we had the majority of the code done. 
Dominic was able to create a user's page which we all provided code for. 
Ben was able to update the guest page and push to the master branch. 
The only aspect of the code that we had left to complete was the calender. 
We had trouble figuring out how to make each day within the calender able to be clicked, so we decided to atleast make sure the calender was on the page. 
Knowing how many points the calender was, we ensured that was working and then decided to check in to make sure we got the last aspect. 
Alireza was able to upload code for creating the event for the next milestone and was able to focus on the Gantt chart 
Overall, we worked much more efficiently over this milestone than the last one. 
Looking forward to our final milestone, we are worrying that it might be alot to handle considering it is our last week of school and finals are coming up. 
We want to try and finish it quickly since the next week is a very busy one for all of us. 
Adjusting to trying to do this virtually and not being able to have the meetings we did in person previously has been difficult, but we are confident we can complete this milestone.

May 4, 2020 
We were able to talk last night about some functions that were stopping our code from being run. 
There were some links that needed to be fixed as well as an additional function we wanted to complete. 
We tried to get some work done last night and plan to meet today after class in order to ensure our app is working. 

May 4, 2020 
After class today, we were able to once again meet in order to ensure the completion of our code. 
We ran through the requirements and saw that the majority of them were completed. 
Through sharing our screen, we went through our app on the browser and made sure all aspects were complete. 
Overall, we were able to complete this milestone much more efficiently than the last one.
Looking to our final milestone, we want to make sure to manage our time. 
We all have a very busy week coming up and we want to prioritize our milestone completion. 
We aim to have the milestone done by this Saturday in order to submit. 
